And the next section are going to be building is going to be team members section or you are we're here
we're going to use our curso or here like this.
Right.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to go back to the mantle we're going to have.
And of project.
So here we're going to say this is going to be a team.
Right.
And select the line I'm going to say and of theme.
Then once we have the end of team then we're going to have a section section here and then we're going
to say class and you know what let's do it differently let's say that this is going to be a section
with a class of team members here and with the idea of team or you like this.
All right press time.
Then once we have this we're going to create a div here with a class of team center center over here.
Then the class of owl.
Right.
And we're going to explore in the next video why we had English classes.
All right.
So we're going to have an hour or so then we're going to have a Auel theme all theme.
Right so these are the three classes that we need for the right team center out carrousel now.
And then we're going to place eight articles and we're going to start with the first one to say article
we're here and we're going to say class of member press tab here like this.
Then we're going to have a image or here like this.
And for the image we're going to say pretty basic We're going to say we're the source of your image
and we're going to find we're a team and we need team won.
So this is going to be team one then we are going to send member number one in this once we have this
div..
These are the ones we have an article with an image that we would want a div with a member text or like
that.
All right press tab and on here we're going to write it.
This is going to be heading 3.
This is going to be team member team member or press press.
Then we're going to have a heading six like this and we're going to save and this is going to be a web
developer here like this and then we'll have a paragraph right then we're going to have a paragraph
over here and the paragraph is just going to have like let's say 10 words.
All right so we're going to say we're I'm going to say then press time and press another tab or here
like this.
Right.
So this is going to be a team member developer and read a paragraph and then once we have this let's
create the icons.
Right.
So here what I'm going to say this is going to be a div.
But still still within this article number and still number text.
Right.
Because you can see or hear that.
This is what we're going to deal with right.
So this is going to be a team member here and this is going to be the theme text right.
And the images over here are going to be separate.
All right.
So if we have Article number image and member text over here right once we have this over here we're
going to say this is going to remember we're going to say icons right press tab now we have the icons
and for the icons we're going to say this is going to be a link.
And within the link We're going to have a hash tag.
Then over here we're going to have my be here.
And then we're going to say hey and let's say again we're just going to leave this blank for now because
we're going to copy and paste this subject line one two three.
All right the first one is going to be Twitter here.
Then you have a Facebook Facebook here.
Then you're going to have a Google and then you will have linked in or sorry Instagram Instagram.
All right.
And now what do we need to do is have eight of these articles so we need to copy paste this segment.
Right.
So one two on here and now we have what a total of three and then we need four five six seven eight.
And so now we should have eight of them.
And now what we wanted to do is obviously change where is the images.
Right.
Because everything else is going to stay the same.
So we're going to scroll up.
We're going to start with the first one the one then this is going to be Team Two.
Then after that we're going to have a team three then we'll have a D before then we'll have team.
This is going to be six then we're going to have a seven and then we'll have eight.
Right.
So then you have seven and then you have eight or here.
So now we have eight of them.
So let's go to Maine.
And let's actually start dialing.
So what we're going to do first is we're going to create a comment on this.
All right we're going to say hashtags and I know we're going to say team members are here like this.
Right.
And I'm going to we're going to have hashtags over here and then we're going to say team members.
So class members knowing this that we're going to say padding and you can see that over here I messed
up that I got rid of or here right.
So now everything is fine.
Team members battings padding or her hundred pixels or here and 20 pixels right so something like this.
Then background let's say that we're going to have a white one hashtag and 5 3 and 3 and 5 on here and
the color and the color we're going to say this is going to be hashtag 1 9 1 9 1 9 or here like this.
Right.
Once we have the color now we would want a member.
Right so we're going to say a member member and we're going to say text align center here and margin
the bottom 40 pixels right.
So once on a smaller screen you can see it will have some margins and then out here zero then we're
going to work with member right image.
So I'm going to say member image here and here we're going to say I like this border and radius right.
And we're going to say like 30 pixels is going to make these round edges or here right.
So once we have the image with around here hijras the same member heading three.
All right.
So this is going to be remember having three text here transform capitalize here and margin 10 pixels
top bottom zero on the sides.
All right then we're going to actually work with a heading 6.
So remember adding six like this and this one is going to be margin 0 0 7 pixels.
I want to hear but I'm zero again.
So this is going to be four and six text transform text transform capitalize like this.
And then we're going to have a color.
Right so we're here we're going to say color are here like this and this is going to be hash tag here.
A 7 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 or here like this right.
Basically we're just going to add some red color over here and now we would want to work with a paragraph
and then start working with icons.
So we're going to say or here this is going to be member we're here paragraph and for this one we would
want a margin first in the bottom so margin 0 0 10 pixels 0 and then line height to less then color
red color and the color is going to be hash tag 9 9 9 9 and a 9 a.
So we're going to make this a great color.
Right.
So it kind of blends out a little bit.
I'm sorry are blends in and here we're going to say that this is going to be mamber icons like this
right.
And for the icons we're going to see this play we're going to say flex right away like this.
And I'm going to say just if I content space around it's all going to evenly spread them out like this
and then we're going to add some paddings right or here we're going to say padding and that's going
to be zero and 30 pixels or here like this.
And now what we would want is a member icons a slogan to say member icons A All right we would want
to select them font size 30 pixels.
Right so now we make them bigger.
And now we each and every one of them we would just want to make change the color right and we would
want to change for the hex colors that actually they relate to.
So if I right over here right.
All right member icons right.
And I write a phrase book on here what I'm going to say that this is going to be color hash tag three
be 5 9 9 8 5 9 9 8.
Right.
So this is going to be the face car.
Then after that once a member.
And we're just going to change these values I'm just going to copy and paste this three times one two
three right or here.
Then we're going to write member icons we're here we're going to write Instagram instead of grandma
over here.
And then we're going to do.
Here is where we're going to write and this is going to be F B three B three then we'll have a 9 5 8
9 5 8 9.
So this is going to be Instagram and then we're going to have four to go right there until he does go
Whoa whoa whoa.
Can delete this one.
So we're going to write F and for C and 2 0.
D.
Right.
So this is going to be yellow from the Google.
Now obviously Google doesn't I don't I haven't seen Google has a color like this meaning it is written
in Google as the yellow color.
Right.
This is what we're using.
But usually you don't see these G.
Right.
So I usually use in different color.
I just wanted to show you that.
Let's see if we can get like a yellow color for example right.
And then last one on here is going to be 0 0 for a Twitter 00 and a c e d.
All right.
So this is going to be a Twitter color and we just need to change it or here to Twitter.
So Twitter or Right now we have the Twitter culture and now the next thing that we need to do is actually
add a so our color so our document.
Right.
Because for now all you can see is basically blocks of images.
And over here with some text.